NAMESPACE     NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
kube-system   coredns-76f75df574-tldbg                 10m          45Mi            
kube-system   coredns-76f75df574-vx9ln                 11m          42Mi            
kube-system   etcd-docker-desktop                      52m          397Mi           
kube-system   kube-apiserver-docker-desktop            81m          316Mi           
kube-system   kube-controller-manager-docker-desktop   24m          129Mi           
kube-system   kube-proxy-hc7kw                         2m           65Mi            
kube-system   kube-scheduler-docker-desktop            14m          69Mi            
kube-system   metrics-server-6d94bc8694-s2sns          5m           43Mi            
kube-system   metrics-server-84989b68d9-hqq4z          18m          45Mi            
kube-system   storage-provisioner                      3m           17Mi            
kube-system   vpnkit-controller                        1m           39Mi            
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-66dd4b7b5b-2wx2w      1m           7Mi             
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-66dd4b7b5b-4w999      1m           7Mi             
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-66dd4b7b5b-6k5lc      1m           7Mi             
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-66dd4b7b5b-8868p      1m           7Mi             
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-66dd4b7b5b-8klpt      1m           7Mi             
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-66dd4b7b5b-lmzjg      1m           7Mi             
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-66dd4b7b5b-mh5ts      1m           7Mi             
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-66dd4b7b5b-v5nk2      1m           7Mi             
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-66dd4b7b5b-z9mrj      1m           7Mi             
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-66dd4b7b5b-zlklw      1m           7Mi             
udacity       hello-world-86cc7df864-2lgbw             6m           20Mi            
