NAMESPACE     NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
kube-system   coredns-76f75df574-tldbg                 3m           50Mi            
kube-system   coredns-76f75df574-vx9ln                 2m           40Mi            
kube-system   etcd-docker-desktop                      21m          418Mi           
kube-system   kube-apiserver-docker-desktop            44m          317Mi           
kube-system   kube-controller-manager-docker-desktop   17m          131Mi           
kube-system   kube-proxy-hc7kw                         2m           68Mi            
kube-system   kube-scheduler-docker-desktop            4m           71Mi            
kube-system   metrics-server-6d94bc8694-s2sns          5m           50Mi            
kube-system   metrics-server-84989b68d9-hqq4z          4m           41Mi            
kube-system   storage-provisioner                      2m           15Mi            
kube-system   vpnkit-controller                        0m           39Mi            
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-66dd4b7b5b-84bdm      1m           7Mi             
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-66dd4b7b5b-8nw4s      1m           7Mi             
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-66dd4b7b5b-cbwpm      1m           6Mi             
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-66dd4b7b5b-cwrk6      1m           7Mi             
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-66dd4b7b5b-f7j27      1m           7Mi             
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-66dd4b7b5b-jn2b4      1m           7Mi             
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-66dd4b7b5b-q8l4k      1m           7Mi             
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-66dd4b7b5b-qn8kz      1m           7Mi             
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-66dd4b7b5b-r88d9      1m           7Mi             
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-66dd4b7b5b-zw97w      1m           7Mi             
