NAMESPACE     NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
kube-system   etcd-docker-desktop                      21m          388Mi           
kube-system   kube-apiserver-docker-desktop            31m          329Mi           
kube-system   kube-controller-manager-docker-desktop   14m          127Mi           
kube-system   kube-scheduler-docker-desktop            4m           67Mi            
kube-system   kube-proxy-hc7kw                         2m           66Mi            
kube-system   coredns-76f75df574-tldbg                 2m           43Mi            
kube-system   coredns-76f75df574-vx9ln                 3m           43Mi            
kube-system   vpnkit-controller                        1m           34Mi            
kube-system   metrics-server-84989b68d9-hqq4z          4m           20Mi            
kube-system   storage-provisioner                      2m           20Mi            
kube-system   metrics-server-6d94bc8694-s2sns          6m           17Mi            
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-66dd4b7b5b-6g6kv      1m           7Mi             
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-66dd4b7b5b-2tpzx      1m           7Mi             
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-66dd4b7b5b-mszcv      1m           7Mi             
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-66dd4b7b5b-jxtbz      1m           7Mi             
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-66dd4b7b5b-2ppk7      1m           7Mi             
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-66dd4b7b5b-wmkzd      1m           7Mi             
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-66dd4b7b5b-62rl6      1m           7Mi             
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-66dd4b7b5b-4rcfn      1m           7Mi             
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-66dd4b7b5b-kgmzx      1m           7Mi             
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-66dd4b7b5b-pw7pm      1m           7Mi             
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-66dd4b7b5b-ljbl7      1m           7Mi             
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-66dd4b7b5b-k2h95      1m           7Mi             
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-66dd4b7b5b-dl4pd      1m           7Mi             
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-66dd4b7b5b-x8rgl      1m           7Mi             
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-66dd4b7b5b-z44hb      1m           7Mi             
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-66dd4b7b5b-zfjp7      1m           7Mi             
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-66dd4b7b5b-sv88h      1m           6Mi             
